Add generated pages guidance to `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1515)
withastro/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

Our Docs are translated into several languages and we rely on automation to notify our translators that English pages have changed. By default, when a PR to an English page is merged, our Translation Status Tracker is updated.  

> **When choosing a PR title, please consider whether your PR should or should NOT trigger a rewrite to pages in other languages**: some tiny fixes are English only (e.g. spelling of English words) but some *will* require updating all language pages (e.g. a small error in a code sample).  Please use the word "minor" in your PR title to override this default behavior and indicate that your PR does **NOT** require translating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When choosing a PR title, please consider whether your PR should or should NOT trigger a rewrite to pages in other languages**: some tiny fixes are English only (e.g. spelling of English words) but some *will* require updating all language pages (e.g. a small error in a code sample).  Please use the word "typo" in your PR title to override this default behavior and indicate that your PR does **NOT** require translating. Even if the change isn't *technically* a typo, this is a handy way for us all to think of PRs as relevant only to the English page, or to all, translated pages!
```
Sarah's going rogue! What do you think of this?  Otherwise, the whole PR LGTM!

Author: `minor` is also a valid keyword and avoids the "not technically a typo" problem, perhaps I didn't understand the point here. I'd say even to change this to `minor: PR title`, so we are very explicit that we are opting for removing the PR from updating the overview issue. What do you think?

```suggestion
**When choosing a PR title, please consider whether your PR should or should NOT trigger a rewrite to pages in other languages**: some tiny fixes are English only (e.g. spelling of English words) but some *will* require updating all language pages (e.g. a small error in a code sample). Please prefix your PR title with `minor: (PR title...)` to override this default behavior and indicate that your PR does **NOT** require translating. This is a handy way for us all to think of PRs as relevant only to the English page, or to all, translated pages!
```

Reviewer: Because Sarah doesn't like that we use "minor" at all, actually, because people keep PRing "minor" (ie SMALL) changes.

I was hoping that using a word that really emphasized, "Oh, yah, this is something to fix the English site only" might be a better keyword to put in people's minds. If I had my magic wand, I'd remove using the word "minor" for this purpose entirely.  ;)

Reviewer: And, I even LIKE that we explain, "Even if it's not technically a typo" because it gives us a chance to tell a better "story" and I think that "sticks" when people read it.

BUT, I am open to another word entirely that actually means ENGLISH ONLY NO TRANSLATE, and doesn't need explaining.

Author: > If I had my magic wand, I'd remove using the word "minor" for this purpose entirely. ;)

We can do that! It's a `minor` (pun inteded) change to the Translation Status Overview script, and we can add another keyword instead, maybe something like `English-only`? I don't know, you all can probably come up with a better word!

Reviewer 2: Yes, we can _remove_ `minor` and add `en-only` if we like that!

**Pages generated from outside sources**

> Some of our pages are generated from outside sources and maintained in another repo. Currently, these files are `configuration-reference.md` and all those under the `integrations-guides/` directory.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth making the distinction that this only applies for `/en/` pages?

```suggestion
Some of our English-language pages are generated from outside sources and maintained in another repo. Currently, these files are `configuration-reference.md` and all those under the `integrations-guides/` directory.
```

Author: Agree, good point!
